when Joe Talbot saw her he had no way of
knowing I just saw this really beautiful
girl she just disappeared his life would
never be the same
come with me or you're dead
what the hell was that your life's in
danger you just take me to police okay I
think this one's out of a jurisdiction
eighty I want you to meet Joe Talbot
will you get that my father gives me
from beyond the boundaries of our
dimension who signed off on your mission
McQueen
they have come my god to reclaim an
object have you hidden it perhaps you
already have it is there anything that
you didn't tell me about the crystal dad
not for me I don't have time for this
that has unimaginable powers I'm having
a really strange feeling I just landed
at the other side what the hell is going
on we are the good guys they're the bad
guys we have this they want this real
bad get into septage Oh sir you want to
play Joseph all right let's play
dying for a lost cause seems to run in
your family
guys don't bore us to death
let's watch the well go to hell
I can't do this on you can do it one
soul at a time looks like I'm just gonna
have to settle for the scepter and the
crystal
guess again Rutger Hauer Josh Charles
and introducing Andrea Roth cross worlds